Expand `Skin` stub (#7822)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Skin/en.md

# Skin

> A **skin** is a set of graphics (images) and custom sample sets (audio clips) that replace the default ones used by osu!. Many players regularly engage in the use of skins to allow for a more customised user experience, should they dislike the default skin. Almost all of what is visible or audible in osu! can be "skinned." 

Reviewer: "Many players regularly engage in the use of skins" this just sounds beyond weird.. It is also not necessarily "disliking the default skin" but often just prefering e.g. their favourite waifu over it
```suggestion
A **skin** is a set of graphics (images) and custom sample sets (audio clips) that replace the default ones used by osu!. Many players use skins to allow for a more customised user experience. Almost all of what is visible or audible in osu! can be "skinned." 
```

> A **skin** is a set of graphics (images) and custom sample sets (audio clips) that replace the default ones used by osu!. Many players regularly engage in the use of skins to allow for a more customised user experience, should they dislike the default skin. Almost all of what is visible or audible in osu! can be "skinned." 

Reviewer: > Almost all of what is visible or audible in osu! can be "skinned."

This is incorrect. A very very big chunk of osu is actually unskinnable. Also, the period should come after the closing quotes

Author: > > Almost all of what is visible or audible in osu! can be "skinned."
> 
> This is incorrect. A very very big chunk of osu is actually unskinnable. Also, the period should come after the closing quotes

This was the stub's default definition of a skin. So I guess I'll do away with it and write my own understanding and definition

## Reasons to Use Skins

> - Skins can be used to further optimize a player's gameplay, since most skins do away with showing that a player has hit a note perfectly (to only show the minimum amount of information to a player in-game). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skins can be used to further optimize a player's gameplay, since many skins hide certain visual details or offer gameplay elements focused on a certain playstyle like specific mod combinations.
```

> - Another gameplay-improving feautre that skins provide (for osu! standrad) is chagning the cursor style and trail. This can be especially helpful if a player finds the default skin cursor intruding into the action.

Reviewer: I would just remove the entire original bullet point and expand more upon custom UI:
```suggestion
- In addition to gameplay focused changes, skins can also offer custom menus which commonly feature characters from various anime and games, as well as being based around certain design styles, like minimalism or techno.
```

Author: > I would just remove the entire original bullet point and expand more upon custom UI:

Great suggestion. Don't know why I hadn't thought of that. I guess I'll be split the "why" section into two sub-sections (Performance and UI)

> ## How to Use Custom Skins

Reviewer: I could swear there already is some article that explains this..? 🤔

Author: > I could swear there already is some article that explains this..? 🤔

I looked through the [Skinning](Skinning/Guides_and_important_threads/en.md) articles and only found guides on creating and using a custom skin from scratch, so I thought it would be a good idea to have a simple and short step-by-step guide on how to use already created skins for newcomers mainly.

> Skins can either be created from scratch (see [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning) for creating your own skin), or downloaded as a ".osk" file and imported into the game. To download and use an osu! skin you have to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skins can either be [created from scratch](/wiki/Skinning), or downloaded as a ".osk" file and imported into the game. To download and use an osu! skin you have to:
```

> Skins can either be created from scratch (see [Skinning](/wiki/Skinning) for creating your own skin), or downloaded as a ".osk" file and imported into the game. To download and use an osu! skin you have to:

Reviewer: > To download and use an osu! skin you have to:

You don't really "have to" do most of what follows after this. There is no need to use any of the "popular sites", you can receive skins from various sources besides them. This entire section also assumes that a skin is always in the form of `.osk` but `.zip` and `.rar` skins are still quite common

1. Pick one of the [Popular Skin Websites](#popular-skin-websites) and open the link.

> 2. Choose a skin that suits your tastes by clicking on it's name or picture.

Reviewer: This depends on the site a user is visiting and should not be something that needs to be explained here

Author: > This depends on the site a user is visiting and should not be something that needs to be explained here

I'll just add a small description before the numbered lists containing a link to the (Skinning 
Guides and Import Threads article)[https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/blob/master/wiki/Skinning/Guides_and_important_threads/en.md] for the reader to acquire their own skin with guides methods and collections.

> The completed skins compendium, as well as the skinning forum in general should be added here.

The article also houses links to the important forums and the completed skins compendium.

3. Download the skin's ".osk" from the opened skin's page.
4. Either double click the ".osk" file to automatically import and select it as default skin in osu! (the game may take a bit to re-open so just wait for a little for it to load the new skin).

> ## Popular Skin Websites

Reviewer: The completed skins compendium, as well as the skinning forum in general should be added here.

https://compendium.skinship.xyz/
https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15

> - [Circle People Skins](https://circle-people.com/skins/)

Reviewer: not sure about naming it "Circle People Skins", doesn't convey really what it is. This is a collection of top-player skins from the times that circle people was active, aka its heavily outdated by now

- [osu! Skins](https://osuskins.net/)

> - [osu! Skins (beta)](https://skins.osuck.net/)

Reviewer: This one should be removed as it contains nsfw skins

> Side Note: Most osu! standard players these days use custom skins, and a healthy amount of them provide the skins they use with a Twitch chat command, or a Youtube video's description. So if there's a popular osu! player whose skin you like, chances are, they have linked/shared their skins with above-mentioned methods (unless their skin was a work-in-progress or wanted to be made private).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Side Note: Most high ranking osu! players these days use custom skins, with many of them either linking them on their userpage, in YouTube video descriptions or providing it via a Twitch chat command.
```

Author: > 

I would still like to emphasize that not just high-ranking players use custom skins (I think your point was that they're the ones that mostly share theirs). What do you think?

```suggestion
Side Note: Most osu! players these days use custom skins, with many of the high-ranking ones either linking them on their user page, in YouTube video descriptions or providing it via a Twitch chat command.
```
